(soft piano music)
- Hey, Nana, remember
the first time we met?
You know how I believe
in things like fate.
Well, I think that was fate.
You can laugh if you want.
(phone buzzes)
Oh, dear god, great Buddha,
demon lord.
(phone beeps)
(Nana gasps)
Yay!
(laughs)
- Excuse me, can I return this?
- Hey, Nana, what are you
yelling about?
- Huh, returning your movie.
I'm sure this gentleman
would be pleased to help you.
- Nana, I--
- You're gonna have to deal
with these customers yourself
because I don't work here
anymore, I'm quitting.
- Quitting?
- Thanks for everything
you've done this past year,
and be sure say bye to the
manager for me.
Oh, and tell him to
deposit my last paycheck
straight into my bank account.
(man groans)
Take care now.
See ya!
- But Nana.
- [Nana] Spring is here,
spring is finally here!
I've waited so long for this.
(laughs giddily)
I can't wait to see you, Shoji.
(upbeat rock music)
(guitar riffs)
(soft instrumental music)
- Okay, you guys,
let's drink to Shoji
finally getting
into college.
- Cheers.
- Mm.
(chuckles)
- [Junko] Way to go.
Good think you kept trying
after failing first time round.
- Okay, you don't have
to rub it in.
- Yeah, congratulations,
Shoji, I thought for sure
you weren't gonna make it.
(chuckles)
- No kidding.
- What do you know about it,
Koichi Sato?
(phone rings)
Huh?
Hey, Nana, is that you?
- [Kyosuke] I hope for
your sake it is her.
- [Shoji] You get my text.
(chuckles)
Yeah, yeah, thanks.
- Guess he hasn't been
fooling around on her, then.
(chuckles)
- Who, Shoji?
Not a chance in hell,
he hasn't got it in him.
- Yeah, I'm down at the
Jackson with Kyosuke and Junko.
Yeah, that's right,
same place as always.
So, what's up with you,
Nana, how's it going?
- I've been busy packing.
(Shoji groans)
(mid-tempo instrumental music)
- Hmm.
- Nana, she's on
her way to Tokyo.
- [Both] What!
(upbeat music)
(Nana grunts)
- I'd like a one-way
ticket to Tokyo, please.
- [Agent] You know there
are delays on all the trains
because of the snow.
- That's okay, as long
as I get there.
(upbeat music)
(phone buzzes)
(phone beeps)
Oh, Shoji.
- [Announcer] Thank you for
choosing the Tohoku bullet train
with service to Tokyo.
We apologize for the delay--
- Wow, the train's packed.
I'd better hurry up and find
a seat so I can text Shoji.
(footsteps patter)
Huh.
Excuse me.
Um, um, hello--
(brakes squeal)
(passengers scream)
- You okay?
- It's okay.
- [Nana] What happened,
why did we stop?
Was there an accident?
- [Woman In Black] You okay?
- Uh, yeah, I'm fine, sorry.
- No, I'm sorry, hope this
didn't hurt you when it fell.
- I'm fine.
(chuckles awkwardly)
By the way, is this seat, I
mean, would it be okay if I--
- Go ahead.
(soft instrumental music)
(lighter flicks)
- [Nana] She's so
beautiful, and so cool, too.
There's something
different about her, like,
she's got this special
aura, so thin,
and such a pretty face.
(gasps)
Maybe she's famous.
Those long eyelashes, and her
makeup, it really stands out.
It looks perfect.
Beautiful people always look
great, no matter what they do.
Wow, a designer ring.
That is so cool!
(Nana gasps)
- Is the smoke bothering you?
- No, no, no, that's
okay, I'm fine.
- We're getting nowhere fast.
The train, keeps on
stopping like this.
- [Nana] Really, what am
I gonna do?
I'm in a hurry.
- Yeah, that's too bad.
- [Nana] I know what I
could do; I could text him.
(keys beeping rapidly)
There.
- That was really fast.
I'm amazed at how you high
school students keep up
with all that technology.
- I'm not in high school,
I'm already 20!
- Huh!
(laughs)
Sorry, I never would've
guessed we were the same age.
- She's so cute when she laughs.
You've got to be kidding, you
don't look the same age as me.
You can't be 20, I mean,
the way you said
"you high school students"
makes you seem a lot older.
(Nana giggles)
- I guess that's just how I am,
still part
of the analog world.
(PA chimes)
- [Announcer] Ladies and
gentlemen, we'll be moving
again soon but because of
the weather conditions,
we'll be proceeding
much slower than normal.
We apologize--
- I can't believe it.
- How long is it going to
take us to get to Tokyo now?
- [Woman In Black] So,
what's with the big hurry
to get there?
- I've wanted to move to
Tokyo for a long time.
I'm going to be looking
for a job when I get there.
- No kidding, so am I.
- You mean you're
moving to Tokyo?
- [Woman In Black] Yeah.
- Oh, wow, I assumed
you lived there already
and you were just coming back
from a tour or something.
- Ha, a tour?
- Yeah, like doing
concerts everywhere.
When I saw your guitar,
I figured you must be
a professional musician.
- Oh.
- [Nana] So, are you in a band?
- I was in one back at home,
yeah.
- I knew it; that is
so cool!
Where are you from, anyway?
(phone buzzes)
Oh, a message.
No, wait, someone's calling.
Hello, this is Nana!
Hey there, Shoji.
Yeah, we got stuck in the
snow, the train's delayed.
I don't know when we'll get
there.
Are you sure that's okay?
We might not get into the
station till after midnight.
If you're sure you don't mind.
That sounds great, thanks.
I'll call once we know
when we'll arrive.
Okay, then, by for now.
(phone beeps)
- So you got a boyfriend
in Tokyo?
You sure are lovey-dovey
with him.
Now it all makes sense.
You're going to Tokyo
to be with your guy.
- No!
Okay, sorta, maybe.
(woman laughs)
- Are you are aren't you?
- Well, he's not
actually from Tokyo.
We know each other
from back home.
We both went to the same
school together.
But he wanted to go and study
at an art college in Tokyo,
so he decided to move
there for that.
- Why didn't you go with him?
Seems like the
obvious thing to do.
- Oh, I wanted to; believe me,
I wanted to.
But he told me to stay behind.
- How come?
- Because I had no idea
what I wanted to do
and no money to do it with.
He said I should have some sort
of plan before I left home.
- That makes sense.
- So I bit my lip, stayed at
home, and started saving up
enough money to make the move.
We made a promise that if
he passed his university
entrance exams that
I would join him.
Once I'm in Tokyo, I'll get a
job so I can support myself,
and that way I don't have
to be dependent on him.
I can't believe I've been
pouring my heart out like this
to a complete stranger.
(woman laughs)
- Nothing wrong with that,
sometimes it's easier
to talk to stranger.
Besides, it looks like we're
going to be sitting here
for quite a while.
- Yeah, I guess you're right.
So, then, why don't
I tell you some more!
To be honest, I've been
dying to talk to someone
about my boyfriend.
His name's Shoji, and
he's nice, considerate,
and a totally cool guy.
Sometimes he can be a bit of
a goof when he opens his mouth
but that's okay.
(woman laughs)
- A goof, and you still
like the guy?
- Hey, how about I buy
us both a beer?
- Sure, why not?
- Two beers, please.
(beer can pops)
- Okay, I think we should make a
toast.
- Okay, to what?
- Um.
Shoji passing his exams.
- Nah, that's got nothing to do
with me.
- All right, then, what
about toast to you and me?
- Yeah, I'll drink to that.
A toast to two girls who are
the same age
who happen to be
going to Tokyo at the same time
stuck on the same train.
Quite a coincidence, right?
- Ah.
- And there's one more thing.
- Huh?
- A toast to the fact that
both of us are called Nana.
(cans clink)
(soft instrumental music)
- [Nana] Remember the first
time we met?
A snowstorm blew in out
of nowhere
and the train moved
along so slowly.
It took us five hours
to get to Tokyo.
But the time seemed to fly by.
I talked endlessly about myself,
so I didn't get to find
out anything about you.
(soft instrumental music)
Now that I know you better,
I'm pretty sure you wouldn't
have said much anyway.
- [Shoji] Nana!
(chuckles)
- Shoji!
(bag thuds)
(rapid footsteps)
(Nana cries)
- Why are you crying, I
thought you'd be happy?
- Of course I'm
happy to see you.
- Must have been tough sitting
on that train for five hours.
- Um-hm.
It was okay.
Oh.
- [Shoji] What's up?
- I made friends with the
girl sitting next to me.
- Yeah?
- I don't see her; we got
off the train together.
I wonder where
she could've gone.
We didn't even get the chance
to swap numbers and stuff.
- What's up with that, then it's
not like you're really
friends with her at all.
Stop crying, Kyosuke and Junko
are waiting for us downstairs.
(Nana laughs giddily)
- June!
(laughs)
(upbeat music)
Boy, I can't believe how
different the weather is here.
- So, what do you want to do
now?
- We could always go
for a drink.
- Um, can we do that
some other time, guys?
I'm dead tired.
- It is one in the morning.
- [June] That's cool,
let's go straight home.
- I'm really sorry, I know
you guys went out of your way
to pick me up.
- Don't worry about it,
it's no big deal.
- [Kyosuke] Yeah, besides,
now that you're in town,
there'll be lots of
time when we can go out.
(Nana sighs)
- [Nana] It feels so great
to be here.
Being together again, it's just
like the good old days.
But it's more than nostalgia,
I feel safe with them.
They're like my second family.
I can't believe I
finally made it to Tokyo.
- See ya.
- Goodnight.
(Nana yawns)
- What are you waiting
for, Nana, let's go inside.
- [Nana] Okay.
Wait a minute.
Is it okay for me to be
staying here with him?
- [Shoji] Come on in.
Sorry, my place is
a bit of a mess.
(door closes)
- [Nana] Sorry.
- Huh?
- Hope it's not too much
trouble coming to stay
at such short notice.
To be honest, I thought I was
going to be staying with June
until I managed to find
a place of my own.
- That would be kind of
awkward though, wouldn't it?
Now that the two of them
are living together.
(Nana shrieks)
- No, way, you're kidding!
Junko never mentioned
anything to me about it.
Since when?
- It just kind of happened.
Kyosuke was spending
more and more time there,
and then, eventually,
he moved in.
(Nana sighs)
- Wow.
- [Shoji] Hey, come on,
take your shoes off.
- [Nana] I never
would've guessed.
- [Shoji] This is
Japan, remember.
- [Nana] The two of
them are starting to be
like an old married couple.
- An old married couple?
- [Nana] Whoever would've
guessed they'd end up like that?
Oh, it must be so great.
- Now, what?
- Hey, are you trying to
get me undressed already?
Pervert.
(loud smack)
I wonder if Shoji and I
will end up like that.
I want to make up for all
the time we were apart.
I'm so happy.
(soft piano music)
No, I wanted to get up early
and make breakfast for him.
(Nana groans)
(curtains slide)
(upbeat music)
But I can still work
hard until he gets home.
(upbeat music)
Doing all this stuff kinda
makes me feel like I'm his wife.
Imagine how great it would
be if I helped him like this
every single day.
I think I could get into this.
I'm sure Shoji's going
to appreciate it.
(doorbell rings)
(Nana gasps excitedly)
(door bangs)
Hi, sweetie pie!
- What's up with you?
- Mm.
You know, this
actually tastes good.
- No need for you to
sound so surprised.
- Let's face it, you
seem like you'd be bad
at this sort of thing.
- You never had my food before.
- I'm just kidding, it really
is good.
This miso soup is perfect.
(Nana giggles)
- [Nana] And it only took
me three hours to make.
- So how did things go with
the real estate agent today?
- Huh?
- Did you find a place?
- I got so busy with everything
else,
I kinda ran out of time.
- Oh, yeah?
- Did the job hunting take
longer than you thought it
would?
Get any good leads?
- Uh.
That's right, I gotta
find a job.
- Or did you stay
in bed all day?
- No, I did not!
In case you hadn't noticed,
your apartment is spotless,
thanks to me and my hard work!
(chimes tinkle)
- You spent the day doing what?
You didn't come all this
way to spend your time
cleaning my place.
You promised that if you
came here you'd find a job,
so that way you could
take care of yourself.
- Is that all the thanks I
get after everything I've done
for you today?
Thanks a lot, Shoji.
I shouldn't have snapped at
him like that.
I don't want to make
him feel bad.
(silence)
- Thanks for dinner.
- Let me do the dishes.
- It's okay.
- [Shoji] I can do it myself.
(water splashes)
- [Nana] I'm pathetic.
- [Shoji] I'm gonna take a bath.
(door closes)
- [Nana] We'll never make it
like this.
He already hates me.
(Shoji gasps)
(chimes tinkle)
(soft instrumental music)
(door opens)
- [Nana] What am I gonna do?
How are we ever gonna make
this relationship work?
(soft instrumental music)
- Nana.
Why don't you come
join me in the bath?
- No way, not a chance.
(whimpers)
(June chuckles)
- Give me a break.
Don't you go playing
little-miss-innocent with me.
- Well, it's embarrassing.
- What's embarrassing?
- Come on, you know.
I guess you've forgotten what
it's like seeing each other
up close and personal
now that you and Kyosuke
are an old married couple.
- An old married couple?
- The bathroom was so
clean and bright.
He would've been able to see
everything.
I couldn't do it!
- Inside voice, please.
- I don't think I want to
move in with my boyfriend,
at least not yet.
When Shoji and I started
seeing each other,
it was a long distance
relationship, so I still feel
a bit awkward when it's
just the two of us alone.
We're not really used to being
around each other, you know?
- That's silly, you guys got
along great
when you were hanging out as
friends.
You weren't nervous about being
with him then.
- It's different now, we're
not just friends anymore.
Now that we're together,
I don't want Shoji
to see my bad side.
- Don't you think it's a
little too late for that?
- Hey, I'm gonna go look for
a place at the rental agency,
wanna come?
- Sorry, I gotta work this
afternoon.
- Can't you skip it, I don't
want to go on my own, June,
I won't know what to do.
(chair bangs loudly)
- Stop being such a baby!
You want to live on your
own, you better start
figuring things out for
yourself.
You can't have someone
holding your hand every step
of the way.
- [Nana] She's right.
Maybe I can't live with
Shoji, but maybe I can't live
by myself either.
(horn beeps)
- You're not gonna find
anything for less than
50,000 yen a month.
- I guess if I work hard, I
can afford to pay a bit more
for my rent, but is there
any way you can help me out
by giving me some sort
of deal on the deposit?
- [Agent] Hmm, how would
you feel about living
in an older building?
(paper rustles)
- They don't want any deposit?
It's a huge apartment
for that price,
and we could have pets as well.
- Would you like to take a look?
- Sure.
(birds twitter)
- [Agent] Good deals like
this don't come up very often.
(birds twitter)
There it is, that brick
building up ahead.
(upbeat orchestral music)
- [Nana] It was built a long
time ago, before I was born.
It looked really elegant and
had that old classic style.
I fell in love with it from
the moment I laid eyes on it.
The only problem is that
it's a seventh floor walk-up
with no elevator.
But it has an excellent
view of the river,
perfect for someone like
me who was used to living
in the country.
It made me feel at home.
- So, what do you think,
you like it?
The view's incredible, isn't it?
It's not easy to find a
place as cheap as this
with the market
being what it is.
You really lucked
out with this one.
(footsteps approach)
(agent groans)
(soft instrumental music)
- [Nana] Hey, Nana, I
remember us standing together
at the edge of the river,
watching the sun sparkle
across the water.
You kept humming this one song.
Can you sing it to me again?